Parking lots have become an indispensable part of modern city life. People want to park their cars in a safe place for peace of mind when they go somewhere. The most important reasons for this are the fear that their cars will be towed and theft. In addition, some people on the street may damage other people's cars in various ways just for the fun. For this reason, many people living in the city prefer to park their cars in a parking lot rather than on the sidewalk or in an unsafe spot. Parking lots provide a safe place for people to park their cars. In this way, the worry of “Will something happen to my car?” is over. In addition, parking lots ask for very small amounts for the parking of vehicles compared to the risk taken when parking on the street. Today, in every sector, things are automated because of the opportunities offered by technology. There is almost no sector where computers are not used. This application has been produced for parking lots to benefit and develop from these technologies. The app uses a camera to take pictures of cars entering the parking lot. Then, the artificial intelligence detects the location of the license plates of the cars on the image. The YOLO algorithm is used to do this. Then, various manipulations are made on the images so that the AI can detect the license plate. Various filters, cropping and visual effects are applied to the image. Optical character recognition (OCR) technologies were used to detect the license plates. After the artificial intelligence detects the license plate of the vehicle entering the parking lot, it records the license plate along with the time the car enters the parking lot. The exit of the vehicles from the parking lot is also recorded in the same way. Thanks to the license plate recognition system, it is easier and faster to track vehicles entering and exiting the parking lot. The price to be collected from the customer during the exit of the vehicles is automatically determined by the system and the price to be allocated to the parking lot employee is shown. In this way, things are completed quickly and practically for the parking lot. At the same time, the customer receives his car safely. Promising results have been obtained that the application will be very successful if a quality camera is used in the parking lot and the application is optimized for specific parking lot.

asdsd
